{\rtf1\ansi \deflang1033\deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman \fcharset0 \fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\notabind\margl1440\margr1440\hyphhotz936\ftnbj\fet2\ftnrstpg\aftnnar\viewkind1\lytprtmet\subfontbysize \sectd \sbknone\headery1440\footery1440\endnhere\endnhere 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1}

{\field{\*\fldinst {\lang4105  SEQ CHAPTER \\h \\r 1}}{\fldrslt }}\pard \fs24
Suggestions for WinEyeDry\par
\par
1. {\u8220\'93}Load parameter file{\u8221\'94} - not clear what to do when there is none, but you want to save one. \softline
(Don{\u8217\'92}t worry about this one - it gets clear later.)\par
\par
2. Set default position of condition number etc to 2, 3, 8, 9 (or whatever is right for EyeDoctor \softline
output; these are the numbers for the dpi but I{\u8217\'92}m not sure if it{\u8217\'92}s the same for EyeDoctor.\par
\par
3. The {\u8220\'93}position of question condition number{\u8221\'94} and {\u8220\'93}question response{\u8221\'94}  - what is that? OH - in \softline
eyedry, they are conditional upon {\u8220\'93}lookahead,{\u8221\'94} which is TRUE if you want to look ahead to the \softline
next trial, assuming it is a question, and eliminate data when there is an error. Nobody{\u8217\'92}s ever \softline
used it, and I doubt that you have this information in your eyedoctor output anyway, right? I{\u8217\'92}d \softline
say, scrap these options. You could leave the code in but set lookahead and these values to zero. \softline
We can always find a way to eliminate trials before errors if we want to.\par
\par
4. Why does  times only show up in the analysis parameters window when you choose first \softline
fixation? What is it anyway? Oh - I think it is only supposed to show up for analysis 19, which \softline
isn{\u8217\'92}t even listed in the descriptions in my .c file. \par
\par
5. Check {\u8220\'93}move trigger region left N characters{\u8221\'94} - conditional on no fixation? Oh- The window \softline
for {\u8220\'93}how many characters can you move the trigger region to the left{\u8221\'94} should show up only for \softline
analyses 9, 10, 14, and 16 (eyepoke, eyegaze, totalgaze, and spillover), if I understand what it is \softline
doing.\par
\par
6. When I ran first fixation analysis, nothing showed up on the screen, but the analysis seems to \softline
have completed correctly. It would be nice if you could write to the screen the matrix that comes \softline
out on the .tr file labeled {\u8220\'93}AVERAGED OVER ITEMS AND SUBJECTS, BY CONDITIONS\par
Means where each subject gets equal weight{\u8221\'94} and then have a button {\u8220\'93}do another analysis?{\u8221\'94} It \softline
would be nice to have these continuing analyses write to the same .tr file (and the .tr file name \softline
should appear in the files window for the next runthrough).\par
\par
7. Not necessary to write every fixation to .tr file - probably unwise, since it will discourage \softline
people from looking at the .tr file.\ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \par
\par
8. It doesn{\u8217\'92}t add a default extension (*.prm) to the parameter file - should it? Not necessarily, but \softline
maybe it should if we automate saving the data file names.\par
\par
8a. It would be nice to have the .cnt and .lst files written to the parameter file too.\par
\par
9.As Adrian will have pointed out, the data output files should be integer ms, with no decimal \softline
point.\par
\par
10. The .tr file output was in raw ms, no decimals, when I did a first fixation analysis not \softline
contingent on regressions, but it came out with one decimal place when I did it contingent on \softline
regressions. The first form is correct.\ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \par
11. I ran a bunch of analyses in DOS eyedry and started doing the parallel analyses in \softline
WinEyedry. The output does look right (modulo the decimal place stuff). \par
\par
12. The number of fixations option does not seem to have the two options it should - number of \softline
first pass fixations vs. total number of fixations in the region including re-reading.\par
\par
13. Sample size for analysis 12 should be a number to be typed in, not a choice of 10 vs 20 ms \softline
(that may be a recent change in the code). It could usefully default to 10. \par
\par
14. In the spillover analysis, the options {\u8220\'93}permit forward moving saccades only{\u8221\'94} and {\u8220\'93}allow \softline
regressions{\u8221\'94} are mutually exclusive. You could get by with just the first button, permit forward \softline
moving saccades only.\par
\par
We talked about having a default data name for each analysis, with the user just typing in a \softline
fragmentary base name for the analysis, and about having a window with a brief description \softline
available for each analysis option. Here are sketches for the descriptions, each associated with a \softline
default data name - which should be appended to the base name the user types in.\par
\par
1 = first fixation\par
\tab option: raw or ms/ch\par
\tab option: conditionalize on presence or absence of regression\par
\tab **option: conditionalize on there being exactly one fixation in region\par
\tab **option: conditionalize on there being more than one fixations in region\par
\tab **option: second of two contiguous fixations in region\par
\tab **option: conditionalize on prior fixation being between i and j characters\par
\tab \tab before beginning of region\par
\tab **option: report fixation immediately before entering region\par
\par
{\u8220\'93}The duration of the first (or second, or only) fixation in a region, or the immediately preceding \softline
fixation, optionally conditional on the landing position of the prior fixation.{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]ff[optionnumber].ixs, [base]ff[optionnumber].sub,[base]ff[optionnumber]s.txt, \softline
[base]ff[optionnumber].itm, [base]ff[optionnumber]i.txt    - and then, if appropriate, add a r, m, \softline
or d to the end of the name for raw, ms, or deviation scores  (E.g., if base is {\u8220\'93}broc3" and analysis \softline
uses raw times the names would be broc3ff1r.ixs, broc3ff1r.sub, broc3ff1sr.txt. Etc.\par
\tab (By option number, I just mean the option number that the user types in in response to the \softline
subtype question- option 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, in this case in this case; we don{\u8217\'92}t have to keep everything \softline
in the name, e.g., don{\u8217\'92}t code whether the analysis is conditionalized on regression or not. I won{\u8217\'92}t \softline
bother with the extensions and the s or i appendage in the following lists - the same 5 patterns \softline
should hold for all of the following)\par
\par
\par
2 = first pass time\par
\tab option: keep vs. discard trials with no appropriate fixations\par
\tab option: raw, ms/ch, deviation times\par
\tab option: conditionalize on presence or absence of regression\par
\ul0 \tab **option: conditionalize on prior fixation being between i and j characters\par
\tab \tab before beginning of region\par
{\u8220\'93}The summed fixation duration in a region from first entering until first leaving, optionally \softline
conditionalized on regression and on landing position of prior fixation{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]fp[type].ixs (e.g. broc3fpr.ixs, or broc3fpri.txt)\par
\par
3 = total time\par
\tab option: keep vs. discard trials with no appropriate fixations\par
\tab option: raw, ms/ch, deviation times\par
\tab option: conditionalize on presence or absence of regression\par
\tab **option: conditionalize on prior fixation being between i and j characters\par
\tab \tab before beginning of region\par
{\u8220\'93}The sum of all fixation durations in a region from the start to the end of a trial, optionally \softline
conditionalized on presence or absence of a regression and on landing position of prior fixation{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]tt[type].ixs (e.g. broc3ttr.ixs, or broc3ttri.txt)\par
\par
\par
4 = first pass regressions out (Percentage of trials where one or more\par
\tab legal first pass fixations in region were followed by a legal\par
\tab fixation to earlier point in the sentence.)\par
{\u8220\'93}The percentage of trials with a legal first pass fixation in a region, where the last first pass \softline
fixation was followed by a legal fixation to an earlier point in the sentence.{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]ro.ixs (e.g. broc3ro.ixs)\par
\par
\par
5 = regressions in (Percentage of trials where one or more legal fixations\par
\tab in region were preceded by legal fixation in a later region of the sentence.");\par
{\u8220\'93}The percentage of all trials in the experiment, where a legal fixation in a region was preceded by \softline
a legal fixation in a later region.{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]ri.ixs (e.g. broc3ri.ixs)\par
\tab \tab \tab \par
6 = probability of a first-pass fixation\par
\tab **option: probability of there being exactly one fixation\par
\tab **option: conditionalize on prior fixation being between i and j characters\par
\tab \tab before beginning of region; reports pr(fix|prior fix OK) but does not\par
\tab \tab count trials where the "prior fix" was the last fixation in the sentence\par
\tab \tab i.e. it gives the p(fix|fix or skip)\par
\tab **option: duration of fixation just before or just after skipping region\par
\tab \tab or landing in region\par
{\u8220\'93}The percentage of all trials on which there was a first-pass fixation in a region (optionally \softline
exactly one fixation), optionally conditionalized on location of prior fixation; alternatively, \softline
computes the duration of the fixation just before or just after skipping or landing in a region){\u8221\'94}\par
names - for options 1 and 2, [base]pf[optionnumber].ixs; for options 3-6, \softline
[base]df[optionnumber].ixs   (E.g., broc3pf1.ixs, broc3df6s.txt)\par
\par
7 = number of fixations\par
\tab 1 = count fixations prior to leaving region\par
\tab 2 = count all fixations in region\ul0 \tab \par
{\u8220\'93}The number of fixations made in a region, either first pass or total{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]nf[option].ixs (e.g. broc3nf2s.txt)\par
\par
\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \par
8 = second pass times\par
\tab option: raw, ms/ch, deviation times\par
\tab 1 = include only time in region after going past it\par
\tab 2 = include all re-reading time after leaving region, left or right\par
\tab 3 = include only time in region after leaving it to left, before going past\par
\tab 4 = include only re-reading time in region after entering second specified region (Tim \softline
Slattery)\par
{\u8220\'93}The summed fixation duration in a region after having left it. Options: rereading time after \softline
going past, or leaving either direction, or leaving to the left. Variant: only include time re-reading \softline
region after the eyes fixate in some other specified region and then return.{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]sp[option][r,m,d].ixs (e.g. broc3sp4di.txt)\par
\par
\par
9 = eyepoke \par
\tab option: raw or ms/ch\par
\tab 1 = fixation durations\par
\tab 2 = all saccade lengths\par
\tab 3 = nonregressive saccades, before first regression\par
\tab 4 = probability of a forward saccade\par
\pard \fs24\tqr\tx9360
{\u8220\'93}Various ways of looking at fixations beginning with the first fixation in some specified region. \softline
It looks at the 3 fixations before this fixation and the 3 fixations after it, and reports each fixation \softline
duration, each signed saccade length, each forward-going saccade until the first regression, and \softline
the probability of a forward saccade.{\u8221\'94}\ul0 \tab \par
\pard \fs24
[base]ep[option][r,m][region number].ixs    (e.g. broc3ep1r4.sub)\par
\par
\par
10 = eyegaze\par
\tab option: raw or ms/ch\par
{\u8220\'93}First pass or gaze time on a specified region, but augmented when there is no first pass fixation \softline
in the region by moving the left boundary up to some specified number of characters to the left \softline
and then the right boundary 1 character to the right.{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]eg[r,m][region number].ixs   (Eg broc3egm5.ixs)\par
\par
11 = landing position\par
\tab option 1: position of first fixation in a region\par
\tab **option 2: position of the second fixation in a region\par
\tab **option 3: launch site (position of previous saccade, charc back from start of region)\par
{\u8220\'93}The mean landing position in each region, in characters, counting 0 as the first character in the 
region, which is generally the space before the region start. Options: First vs. second fixation. \softline
Alternatively, the launch site of the saccade into the region, in characters back from the start of \softline
the region.{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]lp[option].ixs    (E.g. broc3ip3.itm)\par
\par
\par
12 = position as function of time\par
\tab Report fixation positions relative to\par
\tab \tab 0 = start of region\par
\tab \tab 1 = first fixation in region\par
\tab Cumulate or don't cumulate position (cumulate = no going back; Scheepers)\par
\tab Sample size in msec 10 or 20 or whatever\par
{\u8220\'93}The position, in characters from the start of some specified region or from the first fixation in \softline
the region, every n (specifiable) ms for some specified number of ms. Option: absolute or \softline
cumulative position (cumulative, ignore regressions).{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]pft[0,1][ms]r[region number].ixs    (Where 0, 1 = start of region, first fixation, and ms is \softline
the sample grain eg 10)    (E.g. broc3pft05r4.sub)\par
\par
\par
13 = time from entering region to first going PAST it\par
\tab option: keep vs. discard trials with no appropriate fixations\par
\tab option: raw or ms/ch\par
\tab 1 = All from first entering region to first going past\par
\tab 2 = Time spent in region from first entering to first going past\par
\tab 3 = Time spent outside of region after entering to first going past\par
{\u8220\'93}Regression path duration. The cumulative fixation durations from first entering a region until \softline
first going past the region to the right. Options: all time, times spent just in region, time spent just \softline
outside region.{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]gp[option].ixs   (Eg broc3rgp1.itm)\par
\par
\par
14 = first fixation or saccade after LEAVING region (spillover)\par
\tab option: eliminate the last fixation on a sentence\par
\tab option: record fixation duration or saccade length of the first saccade\par
\tab \tab out of each region\par
\tab option: permit only forward-going saccades or allow regressions as well\par
\tab option: raw or ms/ch\par
{\u8220\'93}Reports properties of the first fixation or saccade after leaving a specified region. Options: \softline
fixation duration or saccade length. Restrict to foward-moving saccades or (default) permit \softline
regressions as well. Permit only a single fixation in the region or (default) permit multiple \softline
fixations.{\u8221\'94} \par
[base]next[option]r[region number].ixs   (Option: let{\u8217\'92}s makes something up, e.g., duration, \softline
regression, mult fix = 1, duration, regression, single fix = 2, duration, forward, mult fix = 3, \softline
duration, forward, single = 4,  saccade, regression, mult fix = 5, saccade, regression, single fix = \softline
6, saccade, forward, mult fix = 7, saccade, forward, single = 8,      (Eg broc3next8r3.ixs)\par
\ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \ul0 \tab \par
15 = saccade matrix (from region to region)\par
\tab 1 = all saccades\par
\tab 2 = only saccades not following regression (first pass saccades)\par
{\u8220\'93}Writes an n x n table of the raw count of number of saccades starting from each region and \softline
going to each region. Options: all saccades, or only first pass saccades.{\u8221\'94}\par
\par
This only writes a single file, as I recall, or perhaps one sub and one item file. Just leave the file \softline
name(s) blank for this one, but gray out the ixs and the systat files.\par
\par
16 = total gaze\par
\tab option: raw or ms/ch\par
{\u8220\'93}The total timein  a specified region, but augmented when there is no fixation in the region by \softline
moving the left boundary up to some specified number of characters to the left and then the right \softline
boundary 1 character to the right.{\u8221\'94}\par
[base]tg[r,m][region number].ixs   (Eg broc3egm5.ixs)\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
17 = landing site matrix (word length by position) for Jane Ashby plus launch site vector (letters \softline
before start of word, for the same person.\par
{\u8220\'93}Write a matrix of frequencies of landing sites, separately for each word length. Specialized \softline
function, added by request.{\u8221\'94}\par
\par
This writes out only a single file, the subjects file. Gray out the rest and let the user type in the \softline
name.\par
\par
\par
18 = inhibition of return analysis (report location of regressions and the following forward \softline
saccades together with duration of preceding fixations)\par
{\u8220\'93}A specialized measure that looks for regressions and reports their location, the duration of the \softline
previous fixation, and the location of the following forward saccade. You can eliminate items \softline
with too many regressions {\u8211\'96} items that were really confusing.{\u8221\'94}\par
\par
This writes out only a single file, the subjects file. Gray out the rest and let the user type in the \softline
name.\par
\par
19 = vector of entering and leaving times\par
{\u8220\'93}A specialized measure, intended for use in readaloud experiments, to allow fixations to be lined \softline
up with voice. It gives a vector of when each region was first entered, and then first left, \softline
referenced to start of trial (0s in both when never entered).\par
\par
This writes out only a single file, with each item separately. Gray out all but the ixs window and 
let the user type in the name.\par
}